I investigated you before you entered
It's not that hard.
Congratulations
It is also the Shen family that developed in Shangjing before
How do you know me?
In fact, my father meant to study music
My real dream was to be a jewelry designer.
Pretty good.
Let me tell you a secret.
Actually I'm rotten
Design major
I never thought of that.
Only in this lifetime can you have the opportunity to become a designer
My assistant to the president?
God Himself commanded these things
Check them all.
Shen listened, I knew you weren't that kind
What happened at the party that day
Miss Songman told us all about it
What? Some people?
So much love to seduce men
Maybe there is something wrong with the body?
Everyone, be careful
So indiscreet, you